Migration doc for Mgmt SDK that was generated from swagger but now are generated from typespec which is converted from swagger (#41045)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: doc/dev/mgmt/migration.md

## Model usage

### Swagger SDK

```python
from azure.mgmt.test.models import Model
model = Model(name="xxx")
print(model.name)

# access property as dictionary
json_model = model.as_dict()
print(json_model["name"])
```

### Typespec SDK

```python
from azure.mgmt.test.models import Model
model = Model(name="xxx")
print(model.name)

# access property as dictionary directly
print(model["name"])
```

Users can access properties of the Typespec SDK model as before. When accessing properties as a dictionary, there is no need to call `.as_dict()` as before, which is more convenient.

### Usage Note

To maintain backward compatibility, Typespec SDK models continue to support the `as_dict` method.

## Model Flattening

Some Swagger SDK models support flattening, which allows users to access nested properties directly. In the Typespec SDK model, this flattening functionality is no longer fully supported. However, for backward compatibility, the Typespec SDK model continues to support simple flattening. For deeply nested flattened properties, code modifications will be necessary:

```python
# swagger SDK model
model = Model(...)
print(model.properties_name) # A

> print(model.properties.name) # equivalent to A

Author: Yeah, you are right. msrest model can't accept both.

```python
from azure.mgmt.datafactory.models import AzureDatabricksLinkedService

model = AzureDatabricksLinkedService(domain={"hello": "world"}, new_cluster_version={"hello": "world"})
print(model.new_cluster_version)

json_model = model.serialize()
print(json_model)
print(json_model["typeProperties"]["newClusterVersion"])
print(model.type_properties) # will raise an error
```

print(model.properties_properties_name) # B
print(model.properties.properties.name) # equivalent to B

> # Typespec SDK model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# New SDK model
```

model_after_migration = Model(...)
print(model_after_migration.properties_name) # A
print(model_after_migration.properties.name) # equivalent to A

> print(model_after_migration.properties_properties_name) # no longer supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print(model_after_migration.properties_properties_name) # Will now raise an AttributeError
```

print(model_after_migration.properties.properties.name) # recommended approach after migration
```

## Additional properties

> ### Swagger SDK model for additional properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Old SDK model
```

> To support [additional properties](https://www.apimatic.io/openapi/additionalproperties), Swagger SDK models include an `additional_properties` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support [additional properties](https://www.apimatic.io/openapi/additionalproperties), SDK models included an `additional_properties` parameter:
```

```python
model = Model(additional_properties={"hello": "world"})

> print(model) # output is `{"hello": "world"}`

Reviewer: We need to mention we could also read `additional_properties`

```

> ### Typespec SDK model for additional properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New SDK model for additional properties
```

> Typespec SDK models inherently support additional properties through dictionary-like behavior. The `additional_properties` parameter is no longer supported in Typespec SDK models, so code modifications will be required for existing SDK users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, SDK models inherently support additional properties through dictionary-like behavior. The `additional_properties` parameter is no longer supported in Typespec SDK models, and they can no longer be read using `.additional_properties`.
```

```python
model = Model(additional_properties={"hello": "world"}) # no longer supported
model = Model({"hello": "world"})
# or
model = Model()
model.update({"hello": "world"})
# or 
model = Model()
model["hello"] = "world"

print(model) # output is `{"hello": "world"}`

> ```

Reviewer: We need a section about the change of behavior of `__str__` from msrest to TypeSpec
